README.md, before:

- [Whack-a-React](#whack-a-react)
    - [User Objectives](#user-objectives)
  - [UX](#ux)
    - [Target Audience](#target-audience)
    - [User Stories](#user-stories)
      - [New users](#new-users)
      - [Returning Users](#returning-users)
  - [Visuals](#visuals)
    - [Imagery](#imagery)
    - [Fonts](#fonts)
    - [Colours](#colours)
    - [Wireframes](#wireframes)
  - [Features](#features)
    - [Features across all pages](#features-across-all-pages)
      - [Landing Page](#landing-page)
      - [Game Page](#game-page)
      - [Results Modal](#results-modal)
    - [Existing Features](#existing-features)
    - [Features Left to Implement](#features-left-to-implement)
  - [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
  - [Testing](#testing)
  - [Manual Functionality Testing](#manual-functionality-testing)
    - [Issue and Fixes](#issue-and-fixes)
  - [Deployment](#deployment)
    - [Deploying](#deploying)
    - [Forking](#forking)
    - [Cloning](#cloning)
  - [Credits](#credits)
    - [Content](#content)
    - [Code](#code)
    - [Media](#media)
    - [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

<small><i><a href='http://ecotrust-canada.github.io/markdown-toc/'>Table of contents generated with markdown-toc</a></i></small>

# Whack-a-React 
Whack-a-React is a just for fun reaction time game which combines the similar game play of Whac-A-Mole invented in 1975 by Kazuo Yamada and the results from a reaction time study conducted in 2010 by the University of Michigan.
This is not an empirical scientific experiment but is just fun way to get an idea of how old your reaction times are! Are they older or younger than your actual age? Can you improve them? Do you notice any difference depending on what time of day it is?!

This is game for all ages and performance may vary between devices.


### User Objectives
- To seek some quick, light entertainment.
- To feel nostalgic about possible childhood games.
- To gain a loose age comparison of their reaction times in a fun way.
- Attempt to improve their reaction times.
- Identify any particular variables that may have an impact on their reaction times.



## UX

### Target Audience 

### User Stories 

#### New users


#### Returning Users

## Visuals 

### Imagery 
 


### Fonts



### Colours
 


### Wireframes


## Features

### Features across all pages 


#### Landing Page 

#### Game Page 

#### Results Modal

### Existing Features
**Branding** 

### Features Left to Implement

## Technologies Used
- [HTML5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5) was used to stucture the content on the site.
- [CSS3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS) was used to style the presentation of the content on the site.
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/) provided the fonts for this site.
- [BootstrapCDN](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/getting-started/introduction/) V.5 Beta was used for this project to assist with the structure and responsiveness of the site. This included Bootstrap's [JavaScript](https://www.javascript.com/) and [Popper](https://popper.js.org/) plugins to assist with the carousel and navbar functions used on the site.
- [GitHub](https://github.com/join/get-started) provided the online storage space used to host and access all files and links associated with the site.
- [Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.io/) provided the cloud IDE used to build the site.
- [Balsamiq](https://balsamiq.com/) was used to create the wireframes for the site and provide the overall visual layout. 
- [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/) provided the icons displayed on the site.
- [AutoPrefixer](http://autoprefixer.github.io/) was used to ensure that the CSS code was compatible across all browsers.

## Testing 

The developer used [W3C CSS Validation](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/) Service and [W3C Markup Validation](https://validator.w3.org/) Service to check the validity of the site code.

User Stories testing:

## Manual Functionality Testing

Function | Purpose | Fulfilled
-------- | ------- | ---------



**Lighthouse Results for Mobile (Incognito)**

Page | Performance | Accessibility | Best Practice | SEO 
-----|-------------|-------------- |---------------|-----

**External Testing**

### Issue and Fixes

Issue | Fix |
------|-----|

## Deployment 
This site was developed using [Gitpod IDE](https://www.gitpod.io/), committed to git and pushed to [GitHub.](https://github.com/join/get-started) 

### Deploying
To deploy this site to **GitHub** pages, the steps below were taken:

1. The developer logged into **GitHub.**
2. Once logged in, the desired repository was selected from the options available to the left of the screen **JanelleG51-Hannah-McNeish-Journalist**
3. From the possible options available, which included **Code, Issues, Pull requests, Actions, Projects, Wiki, Security, Insights and Settings.** **Settings** was selected.
4. Once in **Settings**, scrolled down the page to **GitHub Pages**.
5. Under **Source**, clicked on the drop-down menu and changed the selection from **None** to **Master Branch**.
6. On selecting **Master Branch**, the page automatically refreshed and the site was deployed.
7. The deployed link then appeared in the **GitHub Pages** section. 

### Forking
Forking results in a **secondary branch** of the site being created. The **secondary branch** can be worked on simultaneously without the **Master Branch** being altered. The steps below should be followed:

1. Log into **GitHub.**
2. Select your desired repository from the options to the left.
3. From the options available at the top right of the screen, which include **Watch**, **Star** and **Fork**, select **Fork**.
4. A forked branch of the repository is then created. This is a copy of the repository up to the point the forked branch was created.
5. Changes can then be made in the forked repository without those changes taking effect in the **Master Branch**.
6. Both repositories can be merged by selecting **New Pull Request** from the original repository.

### Cloning
1. Log into **GitHub.**
2. Select your desired repository from the options to the left.
3. From the options available just above the commit list, which include **Go to File**, **Add File**, **Code** and **Gitpod**, select **Code**.
4. From the **HTTPS** tab, copy the **URL** for the repository.
5. Once in your **local IDE** open a new terminal.
6. Chose the working directory where you would like the cloned directory to be created.
7. Type **git clone** into the terminal and paste the **repository URL**.
8. Press **enter** to finish the cloning process.


## Credits

### Content 


### Code 


### Media 


### Acknowledgements

.

Commit message:

docs: add User Stories to README.md

README.md, after:

- [Whack-a-React](#whack-a-react)
    - [User Objectives](#user-objectives)
  - [UX](#ux)
    - [Target Audience](#target-audience)
    - [User Stories](#user-stories)
      - [New Users](#new-users)
      - [Returning Users](#returning-users)
  - [Visuals](#visuals)
    - [Imagery](#imagery)
    - [Fonts](#fonts)
    - [Colours](#colours)
    - [Wireframes](#wireframes)
  - [Features](#features)
    - [Features across all pages](#features-across-all-pages)
      - [Landing Page](#landing-page)
      - [Game Page](#game-page)
      - [Results Modal](#results-modal)
    - [Existing Features](#existing-features)
    - [Features Left to Implement](#features-left-to-implement)
  - [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
  - [Testing](#testing)
  - [Manual Functionality Testing](#manual-functionality-testing)
    - [Issue and Fixes](#issue-and-fixes)
  - [Deployment](#deployment)
    - [Deploying](#deploying)
    - [Forking](#forking)
    - [Cloning](#cloning)
  - [Credits](#credits)
    - [Content](#content)
    - [Code](#code)
    - [Media](#media)
    - [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

<small><i><a href='http://ecotrust-canada.github.io/markdown-toc/'>Table of contents generated with markdown-toc</a></i></small>

# Whack-a-React 
Whack-a-React is a just for fun reaction time game which combines the similar game play of Whac-A-Mole invented in 1975 by Kazuo Yamada and the results from a reaction time study conducted in 2010 by the University of Michigan.
This is not an empirical scientific experiment but is just fun way to get an idea of how old your reaction times are! Are they older or younger than your actual age? Can you improve them? Do you notice any difference depending on what time of day it is?!

This is game for all ages and performance may vary between devices.


### User Objectives
- To seek some quick, light entertainment.
- To feel nostalgic about possible childhood games.
- To gain a loose age comparison of their reaction times in a fun way.
- Attempt to improve their reaction times.
- Identify any particular variables that may have an impact on their reaction times.
## UX
### Target Audience 
This game is aimed at all demographics with the only exclusions being very young children and those that are visually impaired. The primary target audience for this site are those that regularly access gaming apps on their mobile phones while travelling, waiting or in need of a brief light entertainment distraction.
### User Stories 
#### New Users
1.	As a new user, I would like the presentation of the game to feel fun and engaging.
2.	As a new user, I would like the game to look and feel retro and simplistic.
3.	As a new user, I want to be able to easily understand how to play the game.
4.	As a new user, I want the game play to be fully responsive when interacted with.
5.	As a new user, I want all messages to be clearly visible and easy to read.
#### Returning Users
1.	As a returning user, I would like my previous results to be stored to allow tracking of any improvement or detriment in reaction times.

## Visuals 

### Imagery 
 


### Fonts



### Colours
 


### Wireframes


## Features

### Features across all pages 


#### Landing Page 

#### Game Page 

#### Results Modal

### Existing Features
**Branding** 

### Features Left to Implement

## Technologies Used
- [HTML5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5) was used to stucture the content on the site.
- [CSS3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS) was used to style the presentation of the content on the site.
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/) provided the fonts for this site.
- [BootstrapCDN](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/getting-started/introduction/) V.5 Beta was used for this project to assist with the structure and responsiveness of the site. This included Bootstrap's [JavaScript](https://www.javascript.com/) and [Popper](https://popper.js.org/) plugins.
- [GitHub](https://github.com/join/get-started) provided the online storage space used to host and access all files and links associated with the site.
- [Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.io/) provided the cloud IDE used to build the site.
- [Balsamiq](https://balsamiq.com/) was used to create the wireframes for the site and provide the overall visual layout. 
- [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/) provided the icons displayed on the site.
- [AutoPrefixer](http://autoprefixer.github.io/) was used to ensure that the CSS code was compatible across all browsers.

## Testing 

The developer used [W3C CSS Validation](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/) Service and [W3C Markup Validation](https://validator.w3.org/) Service to check the validity of the site code.

User Stories testing:

## Manual Functionality Testing

Function | Purpose | Fulfilled
-------- | ------- | ---------



**Lighthouse Results for Mobile (Incognito)**

Page | Performance | Accessibility | Best Practice | SEO 
-----|-------------|-------------- |---------------|-----

**External Testing**

### Issue and Fixes

Issue | Fix |
------|-----|

## Deployment 
This site was developed using [Gitpod IDE](https://www.gitpod.io/), committed to git and pushed to [GitHub.](https://github.com/join/get-started) 

### Deploying
To deploy this site to **GitHub** pages, the steps below were taken:

1. The developer logged into **GitHub.**
2. Once logged in, the desired repository was selected from the options available to the left of the screen **JanelleG51-Hannah-McNeish-Journalist**
3. From the possible options available, which included **Code, Issues, Pull requests, Actions, Projects, Wiki, Security, Insights and Settings.** **Settings** was selected.
4. Once in **Settings**, scrolled down the page to **GitHub Pages**.
5. Under **Source**, clicked on the drop-down menu and changed the selection from **None** to **Master Branch**.
6. On selecting **Master Branch**, the page automatically refreshed and the site was deployed.
7. The deployed link then appeared in the **GitHub Pages** section. 

### Forking
Forking results in a **secondary branch** of the site being created. The **secondary branch** can be worked on simultaneously without the **Master Branch** being altered. The steps below should be followed:

1. Log into **GitHub.**
2. Select your desired repository from the options to the left.
3. From the options available at the top right of the screen, which include **Watch**, **Star** and **Fork**, select **Fork**.
4. A forked branch of the repository is then created. This is a copy of the repository up to the point the forked branch was created.
5. Changes can then be made in the forked repository without those changes taking effect in the **Master Branch**.
6. Both repositories can be merged by selecting **New Pull Request** from the original repository.

### Cloning
1. Log into **GitHub.**
2. Select your desired repository from the options to the left.
3. From the options available just above the commit list, which include **Go to File**, **Add File**, **Code** and **Gitpod**, select **Code**.
4. From the **HTTPS** tab, copy the **URL** for the repository.
5. Once in your **local IDE** open a new terminal.
6. Chose the working directory where you would like the cloned directory to be created.
7. Type **git clone** into the terminal and paste the **repository URL**.
8. Press **enter** to finish the cloning process.


## Credits

### Content 


### Code 


### Media 


### Acknowledgements

.
